When we look at the skills required to
do your job, by 2030 it will change by
70%. So whether or not you're looking to
change your job, your job is changing.
In order to stay competitive, you
actually have to go back to some first
principles, go back to the drawing board
and reimagine what it means to be
building. You're experimenting with a
very different way of building product
at LinkedIn that fully embraces what AI
unlocks.
>> We call it the full stack [music]
builder model. The goal itself is to
empower great builders to take their
idea and to take it to market regardless
of their role in the stack and which
team they're on. It's really a fluid
interaction between human and machine.
>> This feels like this could be a model
for how a lot of companies operate and
how product ends up being built in the
future. Change management here is going
to be a critical part. It's not enough
to give them the tools. You have to
build the incentives programs, the
motivation, the examples to how you do
it. I see a lot of companies roll out
their agents and just expecting
companies to adopt. It doesn't work this
way.
>> There's always been this question. Is AI
going to just make people that are not
amazing more amazing or is it going to
make amazing people even more amazing?
>> Top talent has this tendency of
continuously trying to get better at
their craft. The key trait that I'm
emphasizing for builders is
today. My guest is Tor Cohen, longtime
chief product officer at LinkedIn, who
is piloting a new way of building that I
think will become a model for how
companies operate in the future. It's
called the full stack builder program
and essentially the idea is to enable
anyone no matter their function to take
products from idea to launch. They've
scrapped their APM program and replaced
it with an associate full stack builder
program. They've introduced a new career
path with the title full stack builder
that anyone from any function can
become. And as you'll hear in the
conversation, they've built a bunch of
internal tools and agents [music] and
processes to basically build a human
plus AI product team that can move
really fast, adjust to change quickly,
and do a lot more with a lot less. If
you're looking for inspiration for how
to rethink how your team operates, and
to lean into what AI is unlocking for
teams and companies, this episode is for
you. A huge thank you to Shira Gestarch
for suggesting topics for this
conversation. If you enjoy this podcast,
don't forget to subscribe and follow it
in your favorite podcasting app or
YouTube. It helps tremendously. And if
you become an annual subscriber of my
newsletter, you get a year free of a
bunch of incredible products including a
year free of Devon lovable repid bolt in
it and linear superhuman descriptity
warp granola magic patterns, raycast
chapd mobin, and stripe atlas. Head on
over to lenny'snewsletter.com and click
product pass. With that, I bring you Tor
Cohen. After a short word from our
sponsors, my podcast guests and I love
talking about craft and taste and agency
and product market fit. You know what we
don't love talking about? Sock 2. That's
where Vanta comes in. Vanta helps
companies of all sizes get compliant
fast and stay that way with
industryleading AI automation and
continuous monitoring. Whether you're a
startup tackling your first SOCK 2 or
ISO 2701 or an enterprise managing
vendor risk, Vanta's trust management
platform makes it quicker, easier,
[music] and more scalable. Vanta also
helps you complete security
questionnaires up to five times faster
so that you can win bigger deals sooner.
The result, according to a recent IDC
study, Vant customers slashed over
$500,000
a year and are three times more
productive. Establishing trust isn't
optional. Vanta makes it automatic. Get
$1,000 off at vanta.com/lenny.
This episode is brought to you by Figma,
makers of Figma make. When I was a PM at
Airbnb, I still remember when Figma came
out and how much it improved how we
operated as a team. Suddenly, I could
involve my whole team in the design
process, give feedback on design
concepts really quickly, [music] and it
just made the whole product development
process so much more fun. But Figma
never felt like it was for me. It was
great for giving feedback and designs,
but as a builder, I wanted to [music]
make stuff. That's why Figma built Figma
Make. With just a few prompts, you can
make any idea or design [music] into a
fully functional prototype or app that
anyone can iterate on and validate with
customers. Figma make is a different
kind of vibe coding tool. Because it's
all in Figma, you can use your team's
existing design building blocks, making
it easy to create outputs that look good
and feel real and are connected [music]
to how your team builds. Stop spending
so much time telling people about your
product vision and instead show it to
them. Make codebacked prototypes and
apps fast with Figma Make. Check it out
at figma.com/lenny.
Tor, thank you so much for being here
and welcome to the podcast. Thank you.
It's great to be back. It's great to
have you back. Uh I'm really excited to
be chatting because you're experimenting
with a very different way of building
product at LinkedIn that fully embraces
what AI unlocks kind of leans into what
is now possible. And to me, this feels
like this could be a model for how a lot
of companies operate and how product
ends up being built in the future.
There's a lot of product leaders that
are talking about AI, what they can do.
It feels like you're actually doing this
in a really, really radical way. And so
I'm excited to learn from you, to hear
about this, for listeners to uh
understand what you're seeing, what
you've learned. Let me start with just
why did you decide this was necessary?
Why are you rethinking all of these
things about how product has been built
for a long time? Aka, why do people need
to pay attention to what we're about to
be talking about? It really starts with
kind of the basics. For me, technology
has always been about empowerment. It's
not about what it does for us. It's
about what it enables us to do. And now
we have this amazing opportunity in my
mind to make it about meritocracy. And I
think it's an opportunity, but it's also
a necessity right now. And I want to put
this in context where we're entering
this phase where the time constant of
change is far greater than the time
constant of response. Basically means
that change is happening faster than
we're able to respond to it. Now, uh you
know, LinkedIn has this unique view of
of the world of work. So, we actually
have some pretty in my mind-blowing
stats to kind of put this in
perspective. When we look at like the
skills required to do your job by 2030,
which is literally four years from now,
sounds a long time, but 40 years four
years from now, it will change by 70%.
So whether or not you're looking to
change your job, your job is changing.
The only question is, do you keep it?
And then we look at organizationally
this the the fastest growing jobs right
now the most in demand jobs in the
market are growing by north of 70% from
last year's fastest growing jobs. So
there's a new kind of iteration of what
you need as an organization to thrive
and then you apply that to building
products and you realize that in order
to stay competitive you actually have to
go back to some first principles go back
to the drawing board and reimagine what
it means to be building. And what I love
about this is when you think about the
role of a builder, which the builder is
at the heart of company, uh the goal is
actually quite simple. Uh the builder
takes an idea and she brings it to life.
That's really the process, right? And we
all build those uh let's call them like
best practices. You research the problem
really well, you spec it out, you design
it, you code it, you launch it, and you
iterate. That's kind of that's basically
it. But what happens it at many at scale
companies LinkedIn included and many
other companies over time that process
became very complex very quickly. So
what happened we took every step and we
expanded it to a lot of substeps
researching the problem became looking
at for us 10 to 15 sources of
information. Obviously talking to
customers but doing data pools looking
at feedback tickets in multiple sources
social media uh interactions with
customers. We probably have 10 to 15
sources of information we go through
before we kind of feel like we have
researched the problem really really
well. Think about reviews for product.
There is design reviews, privacy
reviews, security reviews. I can go on
and on and on. And each one of those
substeps actually has a valid reason to
exist. But when you add a whole thing
together, you're like, "Oh my god, this
is why it takes to build a small
feature, multiple teams, multiple code
bases, multiple sprints just to get it
out to launch." And not talk about
iterating, which is actually where you
see success. you never see success in
the launch itself. So really the work
itself is not complex but the process we
made very complex and what I when I was
digging in I found it doesn't end there
because somebody has to do all those
substeps. So what happened is you
actually move from process complexity to
organizational complexity as well. Uh
and then you actually led to
microsization all those subsets are
dying by doing by somebody specific. So
from one builder we have multiple
functions obviously we have engineering
product and design and you can start
questioning those lines at least I am
internally uh and from there we have a
lot of my you know sub specialties uh it
happens in every one of those functions
but imagine design we have interaction
design animation design content design
research there's so many aspects to that
so uh it they all they're all valid but
they all have people and that that
entire process basically means a lot of
it's basically bloating complexity and
then without noticing you end up with
this massively complex. actually have
this diagram that basically shows the
process complexity, organizational
complexity together. And usually people
are like mind-blowing because they're
working on one one thing very specific.
But when you zoom out, you have this,
you know, uh overwhelming experience
you're kind of uh thinking about. And
now we have this real opportunity to
collapse the stack back app, go back to
craftsmanship, rethink the product
development life cycle, which is where
the full stack builder model comes to
life.
>> Wow. Okay. There's so much here. uh
we're going to be showing the visuals as
you talk to help people see what you're
explaining here. And all of this is very
rational. Like if you have 15 sources of
information, you like why not pull from
it? Like why miss out on that stuff? And
what you're describing here is as you
get more power and more specializ like
it all makes sense rationally, but when
you start to step back and look at this
like holy it takes six months to
launch it launch one feature. I want to
ask about the stat you shared. I think
this is an incredibly powerful stat and
you have very uh uh unique data here to
tell you this sort of stuff. So you said
that something like 70% of the skills
that people will need in the future uh
are going to change
>> to do their current job
>> to do their current job. And what is
this looking at? Is this just like based
on historical data or how do you how do
you find that?
>> Yeah, to be fair there was always a
change, right? So it was never about
just you know just keep the skills you
have today. But we've never seen such a
traumatic part of uh of you know of your
world today. So you know whether you are
a marketer right now or a seller or
recruiter an engineer you know
engineering is where a lot of the
investment is going in right now in
terms of agents uh those those jobs will
change dramatically.
uh you know I remember I saw my my role
my my life as an engineer and you know
even then it changed materially after 10
years and then the change we're seeing
right now just thinking about in four
years what does it take to actually
engineer really really well would be
dramatically different or to build
software to build an artifact of some
sort but it's true for almost every
function it's not equal you know some
job like nurses will see less impact but
some jobs will see 90 95% impact
>> there's also a stat that I don't think
you mentioned here that I saw in the
post when you first talked about this
program is that 70% of today's fastest
growing jobs were not even on the list
of jobs a year ago.
>> Yeah, it was it was no. So 70 Yes. So
this is the fastest growing job on the
list were not there a year ago and then
uh many of them not even exist uh you
know a decade or two ago. There's
actually some pretty amazing stats
across the board.
>> Okay, so let's talk about the uh this
program that you built. uh tell us the
name and then tell us the the kind of
the gist of what it is today and the
vision of where you want it to be.
>> Yeah. So we uh call it the full stack
builder model and the goal uh always
start with the goal. The goal itself is
to empower great builders to take their
idea and to take it to market regardless
of their role in the stack and you know
specifically which team they're on. And
uh the kind of the the idea ultimately
is to be able for that builder is to
develop experiences end to end to
combine skills and expertise of what
across what was traditionally distinct
domains to bring it all together. And
it's not a sequence of steps. It's
really a fluid interaction between human
and machine. That's how the way I see
it. And then when you look back at that
product development life cycle from you
know the the idea the insight all the
way to launch the key trait that I'm
emphasizing for for builders is where I
want them to spend their time is where I
think great builders should shine in. So
the idea of vision coming up with a
compelling stance about the future. Uh
empathy super critical right having a
profound understanding of an unmet need.
Communication is critical. uh and we see
this a lot in job descriptions right now
for almost every role but ability for
you to align and rally others others
around an idea creativity which for me
is about coming up with possibilities
beyond the obvious for example I don't
think AI yet is great at creativity I
think it's kind of in many ways brings
back the things you might not know about
but but it's not the kind of next level
creativity which I think still humans
are are much better at and then
ultimately what I think is the most
important trait for a builder is
judgment. That's, you know, some people
call it test making, but it's making
high quality decisions in what is
complex, ambiguous situations.
Everything else I'm working really hard
to automate really, really hard. And
then when you think about the outcome,
it's not just about having more shots of
the goal, which I think people go like,
oh, the iteration speed is going to be
very high. Yes. But what you're really
doing to an organization, you know, the
scale of atscale organizations is you're
they're a lot more nimble, a lot more
adaptive, a lot more resilient. They can
navigate the future. They can actually
match the pace of change to the pace of
response. And an analogy I have in mind
is kind of Navy Seals. You know, you
come to training, you they're all kind
of learning. They're cross-trained
across multiple areas. What they
specialize in is the mission.
uh and they operate in small pods and
they're very nimble and you can assemble
them very quickly and I think that's
going to be the organization that will
win in the future. Okay. So the kind of
the simple idea if you just to boil it
down to a sentence the idea here is
there's a builder who goes through the
entire product development process
essentially on their own. They have an
idea they research they do data they
prototype design ship. That's kind of
like the vision of where this goes.
>> Yes. But this has to be on their own.
It's not like it's not I still believe
in teams just smaller teams
>> smaller teams and much more focused on
the problem the mission per se
>> versus actually one of the things we've
done as an example we kind of uh started
to do the idea of pods we're no longer
large teams we assemble a team ideally
of full stack builders coming together
and you know it's less about can I have
an engineer design PM working together
and trying to combine this trio looking
at folks who can flex across and then
they tackle something for a quarter or
so and then we kind of reassemble those
to different pods. That's like one
example of an manifestation we're doing
right now and seeing actually some great
success in both in terms of velocity but
also in terms of that focus and
nimleness of that team. And it feels
like the goal here what you're trying to
adjust and that broke as teams bloated
is speed and adaptability and
flexibility because going back to your
original uh point that uh change is
happening so much more quickly now that
companies that have been building in
this traditional way just can't compete.
>> Yeah. It's not that you have to break
the model. I think the model is broken.
It's just this uh pace of change is is
helping us realize it.
>> Okay. So then going back to the things
that these builders still do versus what
you want to automate. So the list you
shared is uh they're responsible for the
vision, empathy, communication,
creativity, and judgment.
>> Yes. Yeah. And I would put a lot of the
focus on the latter. I think the kind of
if you ask me at the end of the day
what's the kind of most important trait,
I would say it's that judgment. testm
ability
>> and then in terms of what you're
automating what are some of the areas
you've seen a lot of success in actually
automating and where do you think this
goes
>> yeah so I think just to kind of break it
to pieces uh and I think this is you
know if you're a startup right now you
know in many ways you can start this way
right you can uh there's no legacy code
there's no legacy structure you run and
in fact a lot of the startups I talk to
uh that are build AI natively they're
they don't they are just working at full
stack builders uh that's the way they
start. If you're at a company at a scale
uh of of ours and and many others in the
market in in the market, you're like
this is almost like a new production
function and mindset uh that that you
have to do. And there's really three
components that we're working on. One is
platform. The second one is the tools
and the agents. And lastly is the
culture. The platform one this is the
kind of level of investment you have to
do before to before this actually starts
you start to see all the benefits come
acrew but the platform for us as an
example is rearchitecting all of our
core platform so AI can reason over it
so we're building kind of this uh
composable UI components
uh with server side that we actually
build we're basically building for AI to
be ready to bring it in so you can't
just go and bring a third party tool and
have it work on the LinkedIn stack in
fact that's one of our biggest
learnings. It never works. Never works.
You have to bring it in and customize a
lot of it. Working almost in alpha mode
with those companies to make it work
internally.
>> So this is essentially rearchitecting
your codebase to work more efficiently
with AI. Is that one way to think about
it?
>> Yes. And in many ways working with those
companies to uh adjust something in
their stack to work with our stack as
well. So allow
>> When you say those companies meaning
like the development agents like cursors
and devons and such.
>> Yes. and like or Figma on design. You
can think about the design system is
another is another example of that. But
you have to have that back and forth
because they're not in many ways we
haven't seen anybody be able to work off
the shelf immediately on our on our
codebase design systems and unique
context we have
>> just to follow that thread briefly. What
so there's Figma that's interesting. So
basically the way Figma exports and
keeps your design system that has to
change to work better with AI is what
I'm
>> first need to know how to work with our
design systems which is something
there's there you know in many ways a
lot of those companies are working on
same with coding you need you can't it
doesn't work that you just bring it in
and it just reasons over your codebase
uh really well we tried you have to
build we are building that layer that
basically allows it to do so whether
it's copilot or cursor windsurf and so
on got it okay oh yeah co-pilot
Microsoft I get it I get Okay. Uh, okay.
So, so that's the platform. So, that's
an investment that you guys have to make
to make AI effective at at building and
and doing all these things.
>> And then you have tools. So, tools is
where you you really build the agents. I
mentioned I want to automate everything
outside of those five traits that we
talked about. And then we're building
the tools for that. And then for that
actually very similarly, I can't just
bring a tool from the outside and work.
So, I'll give you an example. We're
building one of our biggest things is
building a trust agent.
uh we you know trust is really important
for us at LinkedIn. Uh there's a lot of
unique vectors which trust plays that
LinkedIn uh doesn't place anywhere else.
So we need to bring all of that knowhow
and context and information base into
that agent. So we ended up building our
own trust agent at LinkedIn. And so what
is this trust agent doing? It telling
you when you're maybe exposing
information that you
>> So when you build a spec, you build an
idea, you walk through the trust agent
and it will basically tell you how you
know what are your vulnerabilities, what
you know uh harm vectors potentially
you're introducing or will be introduced
as a result of that. And I had our head
of trust build it. So uh the the head of
craft for every area is building their
own agent. As an example, we we took you
know we have uh one of our features for
job seekers is called open to work. If
you're looking for a job, you can put an
open to work.
>> Yeah. A little green little thing on the
circle.
>> Uh and actually it's a great signal.
We've seen some great success from it.
People are helping each other. The
community really thrives around helping
each other. But at the same time, it
introduces a trust vector uh for bad
actors because they're, you know, open
to work. People who are looking for a
job are potentially more vulnerable
uh to scams uh than other folks. So
being able to think about how do we
prevent all of those ahead of time. So
we run we rocked that spec from a couple
of years ago through the chast agent.
Not only was it able to find all the
stuff we initiated at the beginning, but
all the holes that we did not catched
until later. Uh so that's like a great
example of something actually worked
really well. That's one. The other one
is a growth agent as an example. Uh
again, LinkedIn has a very unique um
actually one of our we have an
incredible growth team growth process.
We've kind of funneled all of our unique
loops, our funnels, our tests of the
past, everything into this growth agent.
And now you can basically rock your
respect for it, your idea for it. And it
will not just allow you to do it better.
It will actually critique how good is
your idea. This is something you cannot
bring off the shelf. It's very unique to
LinkedIn. So we had to invest uh
dramatically in it. And you know one
team which is using it right now which
is almost uh you know wasn't uh I wasn't
thinking about at the beginning but our
UXR team our er team like the user
research team uh is using that growth
agent to understand out of all the
things that are basically surfacing for
members which one has the biggest growth
opportunity to have the biggest impact.
That was not in the cards when we
thought about that idea but teams are
basically finding funneling those ideas
into this one. An example is our
research agent. So research agent
basically is trained on the personas of
our members. Can think about like a
small business owner, a job seeker and
so on. And it's using not just world
knowledge, it's using all the uh
research we've done in the past, all the
support tickets coming in.
>> So it's it's pretty good at
understanding that persona at LinkedIn.
So one examples we had is a team came
out with a spec uh they weren't aware we
had a research agent yet. I asked the
research agent you know for a small
business owner what do you think about
the marketing spec we had and it
critiqued it extremely well actually in
many ways shifted the direction of the
team to focus on other integrations
tools we can focus on but you know it's
very hard to have that visibility all to
all that corpus of knowledge inside of
the company. That's another example. We
have an analyst agent trained on all
like how you basically can query the
entire LinkedIn graph which is enormous.
Uh instead of you know relying on your
SQL queries or data science teams you
can use the analyst agent. All of those
I would say are I would call them still
MVP++
the goal for us in the next couple of
months to basically roll them out
externally.
>> So
>> externally I mean internally at LinkedIn
>> okay not as the new product lines.
>> Uh okay so many questions. One is just
how are you building this like is there
a platform you're using? What does it
take to build an agent at LinkedIn? Is
it all internal tools or is there a
third party you use?
>> It's a great call. So I think we've
we've been experimenting with a lot of
tools and I would say a for a lot of
those kind of knowledge corpus agents
we're using everything from co-pilot
enterprise to uh chach enterprise. By
far though the most important part was
basically uh our own customization of
it. That's been the where we saw the
biggest gains. you know, even like
building the orchestrator across those
because you don't want to use you want
the agents to start falling to each
other. The trust agent should kind of
work with the growth agent and go do a
back and forth versus doing it more
sequentially. So, we've done a lot of
work internally to make it happen. This
is why I think it does require that
level of investment. Uh, and then in
some cases, you know, let's talk about,
you know, the design agent that we're
working with. We're working with
multiple companies to try and understand
which product works best for us. Uh and
interestingly enough um and this is
another learning different teams
gravitated to different products.
Uh so that's like something we'll have
to resolve and think about how we do
this really well because ultimately we
were trying to kind of simplify the
process as much as possible. But that's
like a that was a big learning for us
and how which tools we use and how we
basically integrate them in.
>> Got it. So like you might have an
amazing Figma agent but some teams want
to use a different design tool.
>> Yeah. So like you know we've kind of
experimented with Figma and subframe and
magic patterns and so on and we saw
people gravitating depending on the
function their level of visibility their
uh their knowhow of the tool before they
were gravitating to different tools and
you know ultimately I don't want to have
I eight design agents in the company so
we have to like you know converge into
at least a few and I think it's similar
across many areas because the appeal of
those a lot of those agents are trying
to solve of similar end goal but they're
doing it very differently and what
you'll see that ultimately I don't think
there's going to be a winner takes all
because the starting point of you know
the customer or the user will dictate a
lot how simple they are for that use
case interesting the other interesting
takeaway here is you're designing very
specific agents that are one job to be
done is that a very intentional decision
did you try an agent that just is super
intelligent on all these things
>> we're ultimately we will do an orchest
orchestrator. We're going to really
orchestrator across, but we did want to
be able to uh rate and grade those
agents really well on how they're doing.
And I think there is a level of
expertise. Now,
uh we're kind of building this as a way
where you'll be able we'll be able to
mask a lot of those. You might not know
that there's a trust agent. You know,
you might have we call we call this
internally the product jammer agent that
basically does your product jam. Uh
which is a process we do internally. you
might just use the product jam engine
and that product jam engine will work
with all the other agents. Uh but now
we're starting with that building blocks
until we build the orchestrating layer
across. Another interesting takeaway
from what you've been sharing is that so
much of the work has gone into the
beginning of the product development
process just like helping you craft the
right requirements clarify trust and
then here's product jam and here's the
research we've done. Uh and I imagine
it's because coding has already been
accelerated with all these IDE tools.
talk about just like why that's maybe
where most of the investment's gone and
where you've seen the most impact so
far.
>> No 100%. Our according investment has
gone started you know a while back and
and those are fully into place. We have
our coding agent in fact I would kind of
stages into two parts of it. There is
the idea to design part and then there's
the you know let's call it the code to
launch part. The code to launch part has
got a lot of attention and we're making
some big inroads there. everything from
the coding agent to what we call the
maintenance agent when you have you know
a failed build uh it will do it for you.
In fact, I think we're close to 50% of
all those builds being done by the
maintenance agent in a QA agent.
>> Wow.
>> So this is when a break builds instead
of engineers hopping on the issues.
>> You can still go and finish your coffee
before you have to go and and redo the
build again.
>> Extremely cool. uh but we haven't had
much investment until we kind of
launched this program in the idea to
design area and that's a material part
of work. It's also where the quality a
lot of the work comes from in at least
in before you start to go into the
coding phase. The idea is to empower
everybody. So if you're an engineer you
can basically use all those tools at the
front of the process and be able to be a
full stack builder. How long did it take
to get this kind of in place for you to
actually form your first team to build
these the in initial agents and some of
this back end you know redo the code
base sort of thing? I announced this
internally
you know end of last year we really kind
of started working but it was more
setting up the teams and the and the
processes internally. We had our first
MVPs of those agents.
Uh I think like four to five months
after it was like really trained I would
say but really the work itself has been
kind of couple of months of dedicated
work. A lot of it has been getting all
the corpus of data together, cleaning it
up. That's actually a good learning as
well. Like it's not great to just give
it access to your drive and say reason
all over this knowledge base.
>> It actually does very poor job
understanding
importance uh of the past and putting
weights on stuff. You actually want to
think about specifically what the
context window you want to give it to
and what's the knowledge base that you
want to have it focus on. So even
cleaning up uh let's call them gold
examples or golden examples to learn
from has been one of the biggest
learnings. Just reasoning over your
entire knowledge base did not work.
>> Yeah, that makes sense. There may be
just like a researcher with a strong
opinion about something that you
disagree with and that's and it wouldn't
know. It's like oh of course this is
data. This is fact.
>> Exactly. And then it doesn't always
understand like you know ties to
original specs to success, right? You
have to actually build. This is a really
interesting way when you think about how
you bring those tools in. You can't just
bring them in. You have to know what you
feed them with.
>> And what you feed them with is not just
access. I see a lot of people just focus
on the connectivity and integration. And
it reminds me of the uh you know this is
almost like this actually more than 10
years ago when uh I was you know co-
rebuilding the team uh co-rebuilding the
feed at LinkedIn and we started from
scratch and we I had to like sit down
and filter through examples of what is a
good professional post on LinkedIn and
what is not and that was I'm not this
was like weeks of work getting up that
golden sample of examples but it was the
most important part was fitting at the
right data not all the data. So it's it
requires work. It this is where I would
say like for many companies who are
thinking about this phase and I do a lot
of sessions today with CPOS and cos on
this process. you have to put this
initial work to get the gains after. I
mean I think by the way I think this is
a I think there's a takeaway there in
generally with AI uh even if you're
learning it for the first time and so on
whether it's cursor or whether it's uh
design with Figma or other tools or
lovable
you should be ready to invest those
hours before you start seeing yourself
pick up in velocity and quality which
will come up but you have to invest that
time. This episode is brought to you by
Miro. Every day, new headlines are
scaring us about all the ways that AI is
coming for our jobs, creating a lot of
anxiety and fear. But a recent survey
from Miro tells a different story. 76%
of people believe that AI can benefit
their role. But over 50% of people
struggle to know when to use it. Enter
Mero's innovation workspace, an
intelligent platform that brings people
and AI together in a shared space to get
great work done. Miro has been
empowering teams to transform bold ideas
into the next big thing for over a
decade. Today, they're at the forefront
of bringing products to market even
faster by unleashing the combined power
of AI [music] and human potential.
Guests of this podcast often share Miro
templates. I use it all the time to
brainstorm ideas with my team. Teams
especially can work with Miro AI to turn
[music] unstructured data like sticky
notes or screenshots into usable
diagrams, product briefs, data tables,
and prototypes in minutes. You don't
have to be an AI [music] master or to
toggle yet another tool. The work you're
already doing in Miro's canvas is the
prompt. Help your teams get great work
done with Miro. Check it out at
miro.com/lenny.
That's mirro.com/lenny.
What's the current state of the pilot?
How large is it? How many teams are
doing it? What kind of stuff have you
shipped? Just give us a sense of today's
world. Yeah. So we are uh I wouldn't say
we are yet at a very high sample rate
where it's kind of a high percentage of
the organization but we have a
substantial part of the organization
already using it to provide a lot of the
feedback. We're seeing a lot of great
examples. So the way I think about the
benefits is a function of
experimentation volume
multiplied by quality. how how good are
those experime experiments divided by
the time it takes to actually pull them
out like idea to launch. Uh so on saving
times we're seeing whether it's PMs,
designers, engineers, uh saving hours of
work a week right now whether it's the
analyst agent we talked about or the
prototyping really quickly or the
product jamming experience has been a
big part of that. On the quality side,
we're seeing insights, discussions just
be much much better. And by the way,
quality and time sometimes they help
each other because it's high quality.
You don't have to spend much as much
time on something. So, we're seeing that
applied in and the volume, you know, I
wouldn't say we're at a rate where I'm
seeing uh a high percentage of
organization doing it yet, but this will
come once we we haven't g this
internally. That will come in the next
couple of of of months once we have all
the the stuff in place. But we're seeing
designers and PMs uh picking up bugs
directly from the you know from the from
juro tickets
>> pushing them in something we haven't
seen before and there's just an appetite
for everybody to just join. So in fact
the biggest thing right now is uh
everybody wants access everybody wants
access to the tools to to be able to do
it together and we just want to make
sure it's good enough to make sure the
whole organization can do it really
well.
>> So how is it that you're piling it? Is
it there's a some number of people have
access to these agents and they just
work the way they've worked with access
to these tools or is there like a team
dedicated this is the way you work now
and this is it and we'll see what
happens.
>> So it's very cool. So basically we have
uh a team building that's the core team
building kind of the FSB track across
all of R&D FSB fullstack builder and
then there are pockets and pods of teams
using it. So basically we are looking at
specific areas that we're basically
giving it to. Uh the condition there is
they give feedback uh as a response for
that they make the tool better. So it's
not just access. We want people who will
use it. It's one of your early adopters
would be the ones who help you ship the
product really well. So we're doing this
in a pod model right now. So it's like a
pod within a larger team like like a
designer PM engineer kind of group
within a is there an example you give
like a part of LinkedIn that's trying
this out?
>> Yeah. So you know if I think about some
of our teams whether it's uh actually we
just launched uh semantic people search
and the semantic job search as well that
team was using part of those tools to
actually help build it. So that team
actually this was PM is building their
own dashboards with those tools without
waiting for design resource to come in.
Then we have a design team uh who is now
already you know this started really uh
from the manager kind of rolling this
out and in many ways what I tell this
team is don't wait for the official GA
you know start start doing it start kind
of uh leaning in uh we're seeing
designers of that team uh starting to
push kind of PRs which never happened
before
>> and now other teams they want to do this
as well so it's it's starting with this
kind of uh grassroot
experience there is I would say there's
the the places I've been very formal I
would say at the beginning has been the
top the product executive teams
basically we move from functional
leaders design PM BD and so on to
product areas leaders and they basically
rock across the stack and they also go
for a 360 with all of those functions to
see if they're if they're really able to
do a full stack building experience.
Then we're also launching at kind of
like the junior side a new program
called the associate product builder
program where we basically we used to
have our APM program which this is about
it's ending this year. Uh and then
starting January we're going to start
having our APB program and they're going
to come into LinkedIn. We're going to
teach them how to code design and PM at
LinkedIn. uh they're going to go through
a pretty um rigorous training process
and then they're going to join those
pods and gradually we're going to grow
that program to be uh a material part of
LinkedIn as well.
>> Wow. So this might be the future of the
APM program is this full stack builder
APMish program.
>> In many ways we're taking we've built
some pretty amazing I'm really excited
for that group. I wish I could join it.
uh um but um we build amazing training
for them and in many ways we're going to
use that training to think about how we
roll it across the organization. We're
kind of using the lens of you know you
you have great technical skills but
you're not you know an engineer at a
company yet or you have great design
taste but you haven't designed at scale
in company yet and we're going to teach
you how to do it at LinkedIn. Uh but the
training we're going to use a lot to
kind of extend across the company as
well.
>> Okay. So you have these programs, these
pilots and these pods and you said what
you're looking at to see if this is
something you roll out is experiment
velocity times quality times time
>> divided by time.
>> Divided by time. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Got it. And I guess I know it's early
but just you said it's you're seeing
that it's saving teams a few hours a
week at this point. Something like that.
>> Yeah. And I think the feedback has been
the most important part right when you
kind of the way to think about this is
just like you build a product. So we're
building this product internally and you
want to experiment with some kind of
early adopters who will give you
feedback and the feedback has been
amazing. Uh in fact [clears throat]
some like our top talent are the ones
who are using this the most at LinkedIn.
Uh and the feedback from them has been
incredible in terms because they're also
willing to spend the time and and give
the the the feedback as well. And uh the
response from them has been incredible
in terms of like the quality of their
output, the time they're spending on
this to get the the value back. Their
desire to kind of be part of this and
actually scale this and make this even
better. So that's where I, you know, a
lot of the excitement has been from how
they're using it and the quality we've
seen there. I would say in six months or
so, we'll be able to see a lot more of
the organization use it and you'll start
seeing kind of those topline numbers
will prove as well.
>> That is a really interesting insight
that the top performers are finding the
most success because there's always been
this question is AI going to just make
people that are not amazing more amazing
or is it going to make amazing people
even more amazing? And it sounds like
it's likely the latter.
>> Yes. And it's uh it's it's in many ways
it's surprising. It's not surprising.
I've seen this also when we were um it's
surprising because you would you want
everybody else to be part of this and
lean in. Uh I think top talent has this
tendency of continuously trying to get
better at their craft and this innate
need to be at the cutting edge of how
you build and I think we're seeing this
here as well. This is why you know I've
I've had this phrase I say with the team
that you know if you if we build all
those tools will they use it? And I know
right now the answer is no. It's not
enough to give them the tools to use it.
You have to build the incentives,
programs,
uh the motivation, the examples to how
you do it. They need to see other people
being successful as well. Uh and I've
seen this also when we're shifting
LinkedIn from a desktop company into a
mobile company. It was a very similar
process. It's very hard. Change
management here is going to be a
critical part. I think I see a lot of
companies roll out their agents and just
expecting companies to adopt
doesn't work this way. Some will adapt.
That tends to be kind of your cutting
edge 5%
of talent that just wants new tools and
they have a bias for change, but the
vast majority needs to work for change
management in how they do it. And that
requires being a lot more thoughtful
about the cultural aspect of it, which
is by far for me the biggest and most
important thing to do.
>> Yeah, I want to spend time there and
it's very like it makes a lot of sense
why people don't spend time here because
they have so much to do. They got to
ship things. They got their days are
already busy. You have to now carve out
time to learn this new tool that'll not
pay off for a while. So, I get why
people are like, "Okay, okay, I'll get
there. I I'll use it someday." But, you
know, they don't uh this idea of
culture. This is when I saw you kind of
share this initially, this is the third
piece of making this successful. So,
there's like the platform of getting the
code base ready for people for AI to
work with. Then there's the the tool
like these agents you've talked about.
And then there's the culture. Is there
more there that you can share of just
like what has actually worked in helping
get people on board? One thing I heard
is like creating a little bit of FOMO of
like okay only a few people can use this
and you have to sign up to get access.
What's worked in getting people to get
on board?
>> Yeah. Uh I think this is where I
emphasize to people that uh getting
everything done the platforms the tools
is not going to be sufficient. It's a
prerequisite for this to work, but not
sufficient for this to work because it
really requires you to invest a lot in
the cultural aspects of how do you get
people to lean into this one. And this
one might feel slow at first, but I've
seen this before with our transformation
from desktop to mobile and and once it
picks up, it actually maintains very
high velocity.
>> One, you know, people are really
incentivized by how you define
expectations for them. So to think about
what is the expectation of somebody in
the role,
>> what are changing performance review
sort of things
>> very much so. So everything from how you
hire
>> to you know calibration and evaluation
and one thing I want to see there early
is this kind of AI agency and fluency
like I mentioned the tools are there the
question is would you use them because
the tools will be good enough but not
great at the beginning right that's the
classic thing of every good MVP tool
they're good enough but they're not
great and then uh you kind of want to
build that agency to make the tool
better like we're in this kind of notion
of we're going to make this better for
LinkedIn together. Two is piloting
success inside of your organization.
That's the pod model where you're
showing that you know not only this
could work, it's actually having
success. So we have even our
partnerships team, our BD team being
able to kind of go instead of like
relying on waiting for an engineer to
help build the developer portal and
build kind of the connectors there.
Literally they the you know one of our
head of partnership just went and did it
himself.
didn't even delegate to his team and the
goal is to say like hey I can do it you
can do it as well those examples are
really really powerful I talked about
the associate product builder program
where we are going to be very focused on
training I think that will send a really
strong message across the organization
people will see this talent and what
they can do and I think that will create
uh that movement but celebrating wins in
all hands highlighting people and
showing those examples you know one
example we've seen recently really
looked at it in a surprise lens, but
then it kind of I think really opened up
a lens for them. We had somebody in our
user research team. Uh we had an opening
for a PM on the growth team and and we
kind of that role was open for a while
and she said I feel I can do it and she
used all these tools. This is a user
researcher becoming a growth PM not
usually the career path you see but she
was excited about the area. she used all
those tools and she's now a growth PM on
the team. So, and and really you can
start thinking about her more as a full
stack builder ultimately. But seeing
those openings uh and then highlighting
those to people actually people are
doing this has been a great example of
it. And then just making sure that those
tools are accessible, people can provide
feedback, you share a lot uh has been an
incredible part of this. It's not enough
to be top down directive that this is
how we want to work. People want to feel
like there's success stories. They feel
like it's worth their time. It feels
it's a movement they want to be part of
and then ultimately they can see
successes in how they do it. I love this
kind of comparison to the shift to
mobile. That's ex like we all went
through that and there's all these
stories of companies requiring you to
show mobile mocks. That's like the only
way we're going to operate now.
Everything you have to ship has to be on
mobile. And it's interesting how similar
this is to them to that experience. And
so a few things you just shared here
just to kind of summarize some of the
things that have worked for you. Showing
wins, celebrating wins, showing people
what other folks are doing with AI
tools. Uh creating a program that people
enroll into and make it a little bit
exclusive. Uh this performance review
piece is really interesting because that
really will change people's behaviors.
Here's how we get promoted. Have you
actually already made that change to the
PM? Is it I guess it's every track I
imagine, not just product management.
Have you already made that change or is
it kind of like a work in progress?
>> So there was two aspects to it. Once
once I moved uh kind of the my team my
directs we did 360 for them. So their
360 was you know if you came from PM you
had the designers on your team rate you
uh so that kind of that was that had its
own and then we shared those with them
and that had its own kind of motivation
but then we broadly took it across. So
when we hire right now we look for those
and then this upcoming cycle we do a
bianual it's that's going to be part of
the performance evaluation piece and we
announce it to everybody and for what
it's where people are excited to show
>> uh and and they're excited to know how
they're going to be it's always about
like I just
>> I want to know how I'm being rated or
evaluated.
>> So just being able to show those
examples
>> has been a big part of it. The other
thing I would say like it
[clears throat] takes time for this
program in its formality
to roll out uh across the entire
organization and I was I was you know
intentionally not trying to be quick at
rolling this out to everybody because I
think that's a uh that just dilutes the
value of it really quickly because it's
not about I could care less about your
title. I care about how you work. Uh so
calling you a full stack builder is not
what I'm looking for. changing your
mindset to a full stack mindset is what
I'm looking for. You're thinking you can
do the whole thing. You're you're
looking at those tools and looking how
to do it. So, one of the things I've
said is like if you're looking for a
formal reorg or declaration to start
building differently, you're waiting too
long. Like my biggest thing is here's a
permission for me to just not wait and
just go. So whether or not like you have
the right tools or not, go build the
tool like use a tool from the outside.
Bring it in. show those examples in many
ways like prove that you're a full stack
builder in mindset before anything else
come to mind and that just naturally
will happen and that's also where we've
seen some of our best talent just goes
and leans a lot into. I love that. Uh I
was going to actually mention that quote
someone you shared you work with told me
exactly that quote you just shared. So
I'm glad you brought it up of just if
you're waiting for a reorg
thinking about it the right way. How do
you encourage people to actually play
with these tools on their own? Are you
just like go take few days to play with
AI? Is it just try it or is there
anything formal you've seen of just like
getting people to more try this on their
own without joining this program? A lot
of the tools we've made, we've been
sharing them regularly. We've done all
like a few of my all hands have been all
about how to use those tools. But then
at the same time, we're kind of
inviting, have you found a new tool that
works really well for you? Like share
it, show it again. It could be Slack,
could be messages, teams, and so on how
you do it. But like the idea is really
to start getting that investment in how
things work. Actually I think in general
you can feel overwhelmed by tools right
now by recipes and how to do things like
you know what's what's your prompt and
what's my prompt but really it's finding
something that kind of works really well
that you can gravitate around and kind
of really invest in that's been those
areas. But I think we we've had this
invitation to go and explore and and go
and bring in stuff that you think are
great and in many ways like you know
bring others along on the journey. It's
it's one of one good way to kind of make
the influence much bigger than a few
folks who are doing really well with
this.
>> Are there any surprises on the negative
side that have come out of this of uh
PRD is just feeling like AIdriven people
slowing down unexpectedly? Is there
anything that surprised you of just like
okay this is actually not great? Yeah,
we mentioned a few of them like we I was
hoping for some tools to work off the
shelf really well. Was never the case.
We had to invest quite a lot.
>> Never the case.
>> Never the case. We had to invest quite a
lot in again part of it is we just have
a lot of legacy information and codebase
and knowledge and designs and so on. So
if you know uh a lot of the companies we
work with are seeing this as a great
growth opportunity for them as well to
invest. But I do think it's it's a big
area of investment as well. We talked
about not just giving access to all of
your context which we started with and
like we were like oh here's access to
all the drive all information failed
miserably uh and hallucinates like crazy
people gravitating to towards different
tools like our goal was to converge on
tools
but that was pretty hard and then I
think in terms of um you know in terms
of quality we've just seen better
quality but I think it's because again
where we are in the stage is still the
early adopters and they're doing a few
iterations in terms of how to do it, but
I would say like the tooling adoption is
hard. Uh, and then I think for some
people, this is important for me to kind
of state, some people do not want to be
full stack builders and that's
completely okay. Some people see
themselves in specialization and I think
specialization has a place and a role.
So I don't I didn't want the the message
to be across the organization. I expect
everybody to be a full stack builder. I
do not. I think there are system
builders that borrow full stack builders
and then you have people who are
specialized
but I don't think we need as many
specialized people as we did in the
past.
>> I didn't actually realize this until
just now. So this is is this like their
title now? Instead of product manager
engineer they're full stack builder.
>> We have a full stack builder title uh
formally inside the organization and we
are gradually
>> putting people in that bucket.
>> So there's a whole career ladder that's
forming. There's a whole Okay, that's a
that's a bigger deal than I even
thought. So, where are you finding these
folks mostly coming from? Like product,
engineering, design. I imagine it's a
mix, but just is there a kind of most
common trend?
>> It's a mix. We I would kind of people
listening, I would just think about like
just go over your org and imagine who
can do it. Uh who can right now flex
across those functions whether is
engineering, design, uh product, even
BD. And what you'll find is there's
already quite a few
>> it can fix across.
>> Interesting. Uh are there any functions
you think are especially successful at
this? Not to play any favorites, but I
don't know. Are you finding like Okay.
Or you can also not highlight any
specific.
>> No, I I think it's like I think it's a
mental model of how you do it. I think,
you know, if I were to play like what's
the hardest craft to potentially learn,
I think design has a lot more work to
get the design agents to be really
really good. So, I think designers have
a little bit of a leg up in terms of
others learning their craft and than the
the vice vice versa. But I honestly
think it's a mindset. I've seen I've
seen designers code. I've seen PMs kind
of design and do well. And this is why I
think like when you kind of step back
and you think about people in your
organization and who can flex, I think
you'll see them show up in many areas.
And what I think you'll find there is
they have the agency,
they're leaning into new things. They
have the fluency like they're already
building
uh new experiences and they have that
growth mindset that they just want to
get better. So they're
>> it doesn't matter what they learn at
school or what's their what label
somebody put on them when they join the
company. What I love about a lot of this
is this is the it's the easiest time to
transition between different product
roles than it's ever been designs moving
to PM and or just moving to this new
role. It's like it makes it so much
easier to like you said that researcher
became a growth PM
>> and this is probably my biggest advice
motivation I give to the team because
what I tell them is ultimately by the
way this is for me as well like I think
about it in the same way it's the it's
the uh the incentives for you are so
aligned with the organization what we're
asking for right because this is we we
need you to change we want to be a more
agile
adaptive resilient organization that can
deal with the pace of change, but you
want as well for your own career. You
want to be at the cutting edge of how
you build. So the incentives are really
aligned between what you need for your
own career and what the organization
needs you to to do. So there's that that
permission to go and do it for me is uh
ideally kind of a tailwind uh in what
they want to do more than anything else.
>> Maybe a last question for people that
are inspired and like okay this is what
we need to be doing. any just tips for
someone starting down this road to be
successful at trying something like this
at their company? I would say like I
would start with the I would start with
the notion of like how do you want to
bring like let's just structure I would
think about the the platform you need to
build the tools you want to bring and
then I would spend a lot of time on the
culture platform and tools I think would
be again a prerequisite but not
sufficient and the culture aspect is
really important I would think a lot
about how you bring people along so for
one of the learnings we had that
probably I will do differently right now
if I were to redo this program was for a
while I was working very closely with my
core team on it, the core kind of full
stack building team that were in charge
of building all this material. But the
organization was always asking
questions. What's going on? Who is doing
it? What are the tools? And in in
retrospect, we could have done a lot
more in the flow to just show them and
get them uh to already use early tools
or be aware of it versus doing a small
team on the side. So, it's okay to start
with a small team. I think it's really
important, but at the same time, just
making sure there's like visibility
across the whole thing is really
powerful.
being patient and being willing to
invest. I always give this example of
like you know we always give this
example like oh look at this startup
they built this in a week. Yes, you can
build lifestyle in a week right now if
you start from scratch. It's actually
not hard.
But when you are trying to transform a
large organization,
you want to have this impatient about
the goal and you have a high ambition
but being very thoughtful and patient
about how you bring it to life and the
key things you have to invest in. If you
don't invest in your platform, I just
don't see how this could be a successful
outcome.
uh if you don't invest in customizing
the tools for you, then you're just
going to get vanilla generic
agents from the outside. So being aware
of the investment and making sure you
actually allocate resource to it. This
is kind of the classic uh be willing to
invest up front so you can reap the
benefit after versus saying, hey, you
know, uh why am I not seeing us moving
into 2x the productivity in a week?
That's not going to be this way. you can
see it with some people. Uh but starting
to collect those examples and starting
to really think about the transformation
is really key.
>> This is so incredibly cool. I know that
a lot of CPOs and heads of product and
all kinds of leaders are reaching out to
you trying to figure out what you've
learned, how to do this. So I love that
we went deep on all these things. Just
final question, is there anything else
that we haven't shared that you think
might be helpful for listeners to hear
or maybe just to double down on before
we get to our very exciting lightning
round? Whether you're in an
organization, you're waiting for your
leader to roll this out or you're a
leader trying to roll this out, I would
not wait. Like [snorts] the the first
thing I've done which I thought in
retrospect was really hopeful is I did
not I did announce this up front. We are
going to this mode
like we're starting in pockets, we're
starting in pose, we're building the
tools, but we're going to this is this
is the mountain we're going to go after
and in many ways uh we're going to make
it great. I also announced that this is
not just an end state. It's a kind of
continuous progress. There's no state
we're going to get to as much as
continuously just trying to be better.
And in many ways to compete, you just
want to be better than others in how you
build. Uh because the the f the version
of building will continue to transform
itself every few years or so. So do not
wait. Really focus on the progress
you're making. Overcommunicate with your
team, not just the vision, but also the
progress you're making. almost like
holding yourself responsible. If you're
a leader, give yourself KPIs you share
with your own teams or OKRs.
And if you're inside an organization and
I would say whether or not or not your
CPO or your CEO is announcing this type
of program, go do it or join an
organization that does it so you can be
at the cutting edge of how you build in
the future.
>> Tor, with that we've reached our very
exciting lightning round. I've got five
questions for you. Are you ready?
>> I'm ready. First question, what are two
or three books you find yourself
recommending most to other people?
>> I love to gift trios of books that I
really like. So, my current trio
is um they're very diverse in topics.
So, apologies if it's not falling all
into tech. But the first one is called
Why Nations Fail. Uh it's a book I read
uh a decade ago, even more. And the
authors of it just won the Nobel Prize
last year. And it basically talks about
why does some nations succeed and some
fail. And it's not the usual
explanations we go for which is oh it's
culture, it's natural resources, it's
the uh it's the kind of religion. This
is you know a lot of those kind of tends
to be the kind of immediate excuse that
people have. It kind of falls into two
camps. Are there extractive or inclusive
institutions? Can people participate
broadly and opportunity is shared or
there are institution that basically are
supposed to be attracting from many and
give to some. So it's just an incredible
way to just think about how you build a
nation. And for us at LinkedIn, we think
a lot about the idea of opportunities.
So how you build a product as well. Uh
and it's just a good way to kind of move
away from easy explanations into like
what really makes a country really
successful as well. second book it's
called outlive
uh it's really about kind of the idea
it's kind of like you know the author
Peter talks about the idea of medicine 3
which is really uh the notion of like
building personalized medicine which I
think in the world of AI will become
incredible in the future but it's all
those it's called as categories that you
should think about for your life so you
can just optimize your health as much as
possible and goes for everything from
you know fitness to diet to kind of the
biggest health factors you should think
about, but it's a it's a great long
book.
>> In my bookshelf behind me.
>> Here you go.
>> It's up top. You can't actually see it,
I think.
>> And then lastly, uh it's a book that
also came out many years ago, but it's
called The Beginning of Infinity
uh which I really like by um Deutsch.
It's it's uh it's wasn't an easy read
for easy read for me, but I I love the
idea in fact especially in products. I
love the idea of cause and effect like
really finding great explanations for
how things happen and then building on
top of that uh your next uh iterations
and this book really pushes on the idea
of explanations that only once we have a
clear understanding of what things
happen then we can have breakthroughs on
top of that but until we get to a point
of clear scientific breakthroughs we are
not going to make significant progress
but when you do that it's really almost
like infinite progress you can make on
top of that Nal's always talking about
that last book. I think I bought it and
I just it was just a hard
>> easy read. At least for me, it wasn't an
easy read, but it's a very powerful
read.
>> Awesome. Is there a favorite recent
movie or TV show you really enjoyed?
>> Can I do a podcast?
>> Absolutely.
>> Uh so there's a podcast in it's in
Hebrew. Uh it's called one song and it
takes a song that you know generally is
ideally popular and then goes really
deep on the origin and the history of
the song and I love it. Uh I just I love
music and it just dissects songs so
well. Uh it does a great job also in
kind of bringing to life the story
behind it. Uh, so for me it just goes
back to like you thought the song was
about something, but then it goes really
deep into the actors behind the song and
sometimes it's the words chosen or it's
the uh how the lyrics match the the
music itself. And I just really enjoy
that one. There's a podcast podcast
called Song Exploder. I believe that is
a similar concept that's not in Hebrew
in English that I'll point people to if
you love that one.
>> It's awesome. Is there a product you've
recently discovered that you really
love? Could be an app, could be some
clothing, could be a kitchen gadget,
tech gadget.
>> Uh, can it can it be an can be a a
product I want to have, which I think is
actually really easy to do.
>> I love that. This is a product thinking
101. Uh, just the vision of what you
want to see.
>> So, in my car right now, there's Alexa
builtin, which is great because the kids
can ask for songs all day long, and it
it's it's a it's a whole show inside of
the car. But one of my favorite things
to do when I this has been doing
everything for uh well over two years is
I go in and I go into voice mode JPT.
>> Yeah. And then we just have a
conversation and that's just friction. I
would love to have on my steering wheel
a button that invokes my AI friend that
can sit next to me in the passenger
seat. And I you know I just think that
would be such a I actually think it will
transform
uh rides for people just that movement
that's just like elimination of friction
will transform the experience for me.
>> On that note I recently discovered
Teslas actually do this now. If you hold
the right wheel Grock appears and you
could talk to Grock.
>> Huh.
>> So it's here. The AI has arrived. Yeah.
I was just like did it by accident then
it's okay. Cool. So for me, if you uh uh
if anybody from Rivian is listening,
please uh bring us in the car.
>> Rivian is falling behind. Uh yeah, and
it's like and you have to use Grock.
It'd be cool if you could switch to
different uh
>> AI just to because it's it has like a
personality like I don't just give me
information. I don't need you to laugh
and give me
>> Did you Did you need to uh spend some
time with it before or did it have any
memory from did you bring any memory
into it? There's a a logged out version
and then you could just log in and it
connects to your account.
>> Yeah, it's extremely cool. No one's
talking about it. It's crazy because I
don't know if they launched it fully,
but it just appeared.
>> Do you talk in the car a lot to it?
>> I I don't use it that much to be honest,
but I like I should. My wife just
doesn't love Grock. I think the brand of
Grock is like a specific brand and so
she's she's like, "Don't talk to Grock
in here with me."
>> I I I love voice mode so I use it all
the time.
>> Yeah, I love voice mode, too. It just
interrupts too often. That's the issue
there, right? It's just
>> You can, by the way, you can set it up.
You can basically say like, "Hey, just
Yeah, like let me finish.
[clears throat]
>> I know that I'm learning so much." Okay,
two more questions. Do you have a life
motto that you often find useful in work
or in life? I
>> think last time I talked about that I
most associated here with I might be
wrong, but I'm not confused. Although I
don't say it as much anymore, but I
think the one I love, you know, growth
mindset is like a second religions for
us at home. And one thing I love about
there's like a phrase there that is
becoming is better than being
which I think ties into the FSB mode a
little bit which is you're always in you
know progress mode iteration mode it's
not about getting reaching a state it's
about the journey the process that's
what you should fall in love with it's
about continuously
growing and evolving without
the negativity of it or there's no sense
of FOMO there it's just this continuous
thing if I look back a year from now and
I look back how much did I grow like how
much do I know what skills did I gain
like uh where did I becoming better like
how how much like how do I feel like you
know version 2026 versus 2025 what's the
delta there and I kind of love that as a
as a way of thinking
>> a great segue to our final question by
the time this episode comes out uh it
won't be a secret that you're leaving
LinkedIn after 14 years a legendary run
you joined way before the acquisition.
You help them integrate. You just like
the way LinkedIn was perceived 14 years
ago is so radically different from the
way it is today. Like it's actually
really fun and interesting to be there
versus uh how people uh long for a long
time felt about LinkedIn. So, uh I guess
the question is just how you feeling and
what's next? What I imagine you're going
to get a lot of calls from a lot of
people, but what are you planning?
>> Yeah, so I feel I feel proud. Um it's
been an incredible
ride at LinkedIn. I've you know the way
I've got to know about LinkedIn deeply
for the first time was when I moved to
the valley and I you know went to a
lecture at Stanford about social
networks in 2008 and uh and Reed was
there and he talked about the power of
being professional communities online
and I was very nerdy about it and
thought it was incredible vision. had no
plans to join and actually started my
own company after but as luck would have
it found myself joining a few years
after and just thought the mission was
incredible. So in many ways it aligned
with my purpose and and just was an
incredible uh ride to be here and I also
feel very grateful.
I shared this with the company recently.
I was starting to take learnings from my
experiences here. Uh a lot of it from
from tough situations. because we had a
lot of, you know, tough situations at
LinkedIn and, you know, hard calls and
late nights, but you learned so much
from those and I'm just incredibly
grateful and I'm excited. I'm excited. I
love I have a bias for change. I have a
bias for kind of positioning myself in a
pos in a place where I can learn the
most and and learn a lot. And it's it's
incred. It's an incredible time to
build. So I'm just excited to be uh
thinking of new problem sets and new
areas where I can go deep on and invest
the ne the next decade in.
>> I think it's going to take a long time
for you to not feel like you're working
at LinkedIn and to like forget about all
the things that you have been worrying
about for so many years. you know, after
you build something for such a long
time, and I think you and I talked about
it at one point that like I think one of
the best traits for a builder is to
become very passionate with what they're
building. Really care not not about the
job, it's really care about the product.
When you feel the pain when somebody
complains and and you kind of have this
continuous discontent and it's like for
me it's the notion of like, you know,
raising a baby. So, yeah, it's hard. It
would be hard. Uh, I will always think
of LinkedIn as as one of the babies I
helped uh grow.
>> Well, I'm excited to have you back
someday when you figure out what you
want to do next or and or start whatever
you're doing. Uh, I love that this was
an excuse to get to know you, Tom. Thank
you so much for being here. It
>> was great to be here. Thanks, Lenny.
>> Bye, everyone.
>> Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.